Add Add-in Commands to the Ribbon to interop between JavaScript and C# with Blazor Pages. (#762)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/blazor-add-in/word-blazor-add-in/README.md

- Initialize the Office JavaScript API library in Blazor context.
- Interact with Word to manipulate paragraphs and content controls.
- Interact with document content through Office JavaScript APIs.

> - Added examples to show how to interact with methods defined on the Blazor Pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interact with methods defined on the Blazor Pages.
```

1. Download or clone the [Office Add-ins samples repository](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples).
1. Open Visual Studio 2022 and open the: **Office-Add-in-samples\Samples\blazor-add-in\word-blazor-add-in\word-blazor-add-in.sln** solution.
1. Choose **Debug** > **Start Debugging**. Or press F5 to start the solution.
1. When Word opens, choose **Sample Add-in** > **Show Taskpane** (if not autoloaded).

> 1. Try out the controls on the TaskPanes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Try out the controls on the task panes.
```

> 1. Try using the Ribbon Buttons to trigger the Add-in Commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Try out the custom buttons on the **Sample Add-in** tab on the ribbon.
```

The purpose of this sample is to show you how to build and interact with the Blazor, C# and JavaScript Interop options. If you're looking for more examples of interacting with Word and Office JS APIs, see [Script Lab](https://aka.ms/getscriptlab).

> We now added interop examples to trigger Add-in Commands from the Ribbon to interact with the Word Document.

Reviewer: Probably don't need this since covered in version history.

1. Use **JSModule.InvokeVoidAsync** to call JavaScript functions from your C# code.
1. Call Office JS APIs to interact with the document from JavaScript code.

### Blazor interop with Add-in Commands

> In this version of the sample we added interop functionality between OfficeJS - JavaScript and C# through the Blazor Pages to show how interact between the Ribbon and the Blazor back-end. This example shows you how to trigger the same functions defined on the TaskPane using the Ribbon Controls as entrypoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample shows how to use Blazor with custom buttons on the ribbon. The buttons call the same functions that are defined on the task pane. This sample is configured to use the shared runtime which is required for this interop to work correctly.
```
